>> Steve Kinney: That's cool, now what
we'd like to do is actually show it on
the page cuz console login and stuff from
a database does not an application make.
So, let's go ahead and we're not, we're
gonna use the snapshot.docs instead now.
Now, you could theoretically
put an array up here and
do everything and
then use stuff afterwards.
In real time database,
you had to do that, but
what we have here is snapshot.docs, and
that's an array that we can map over.
And, as you saw before,
let's go back over real quick and
look, is I have that ID, and
in the data, I just have the fields.
Now, so it's not my first react out,
I know what's about to happen to me is I'm
going to then try to make a bunch of post
components and what's gonna yell at me?
It's gonna want a key for
every single one of them, right?
Fine, so I would like to include,
that ID with the rest of the data.
That's just going to take a little
bit of JavaScript foo, no big deal.
So what we’ll do is we’ll say .map,
we’ll say for each document, go ahead and
return me a new object that
is the idea will be doc.ID.
And, then you can go ahead and take
all the other properties from data and
spread them out.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and so that,
we'll actually store that as post.
This will now be a bunch of post objects.
We're gonna use an array right now
cuz it is simpler to reason about for
a lot of our purposes
as we learn firebase.
But, I feel really strongly
that arrays are the devil.
And, key value stores are better, but
they'll add a little bit of complexity.
In reducts, it's usually better to
store them as an object so you can
easily remove stuff and get stuff out of
the database, but we'll go with this.
We'll have to do some array filtering and
mapping in a little bit, but
it'll be fine.
And, we'll do this.setState.
>> Steve Kinney: Posts.
All right, so we're going to
await the firestore collection,
we'll get all the things out of there.
Then, we'll go through
the snapshot of the database.
We'll map them into objects that will not
get me in trouble with the virtual DOM.
And, then,
we will set the state of our application.
>> Steve Kinney: So, you can see I had
those, like, dummy ones that were in state
for a second there, and then, they
are replaced by what was in the database.
Just to make you believe that I'm honest,
let's make one more.
We'll do title Steve is honest,
and the content will be I told you.
>> Steve Kinney: Make this a map.
>> Steve Kinney: Display name not Steve.
>> Steve Kinney: The uid will be,
>> Steve Kinney: That's totally legit.
>> Steve Kinney: Didn't save for
some reason.
It's really important that I
make one about how I'm honest,
and then have it not save.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, there it is.
>> Steve Kinney: Hit refresh,
and there it is.